app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress                       app/code/community/Fishpig/Wordpress
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/wordpress.xml  app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/wordpress.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/wordpress    app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/wordpress
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/wordpress.xml      app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/wordpress.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress        app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress-addons app/design/frontend/base/default/template/wordpress-addons
app/etc/modules/Fishpig_Wordpress.xml                      app/etc/modules/Fishpig_Wordpress.xml
app/locale/cs_CZ/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/cs_CZ/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/da_DK/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/da_DK/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/de_DE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/de_DE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/en_GB/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/en_GB/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/en_US/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/en_US/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/es_ES/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/es_ES/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/fr_FR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/it_IT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/it_IT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/ja_JP/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/ja_JP/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/nb_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/nb_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/nl_NL/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/nn_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/nn_NO/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/pl_PL/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/pl_PL/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/pt_BR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/pt_BR/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/pt_PT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/pt_PT/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/ru_RU/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/ru_RU/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/sl_SI/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/sl_SI/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/sv_SE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/sv_SE/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
app/locale/zh_CN/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv                     app/locale/zh_CN/Fishpig_Wordpress.csv
js/fishpig/wordpress                                       js/fishpig/wordpress
skin/frontend/base/default/wordpress                       skin/frontend/base/default/wordpress
